cleanup articles (#6518)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-ums/developers/headless/headless-example.md

  * Click **Try it out**.
  * For the path parameter, enter `/` for the example piece of content we created at the root of our site - alternatively specify the correct URL path to the content
  * Set the **Api-Key** parameter if your Umbraco application requires [Public Access](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/reference/content-delivery-api#additional-configuration) this can be toggled with the configuration value `Umbraco:CMS:DeliveryAPI:PublicAccess`

4. You should see the JSON result of the content node, including the default header value.
5. Navigate to **uMarketingSuite Marketing API** from the definitions dropdown.
* Expand `/umbraco/umarketingsuite/api/v1/analytics/pageview/trackpageview/client`:

  * Click **Try it out**.
  * Modify the JSON body, setting the URL to the page visited earlier. With the content delivery api above, leave the other property **referrerUrl** empty.
* Repeat the earlier steps to fetch the content by it's path. The JSON of the content node and the header property now contains our personalized content **Hello you early risers**
  * Remember it will only show different content if we view the page before midday.

![]()

{% hint style="info" %}

> As uMarketingSuite is licenced to individual domains, it requires the Host Header matches one of the registered licenced domains for personalisation and A/B Testing to work.

Author: ```suggestion
uMarketingSuite is licensed to individual domains. It requires the Host Header to match one of the registered licensed domains for personalization and A/B Testing to work.
```
